1) GENERATING TOKENS REMOVING PUNCTUATION.

‘The Hare and the Tortoise’.
A hare was making fun of a tortoise for moving so slowly. The tortoise, tiring of the hare’s gibes about how slow he was on his feet,
eventually challenged the hare to a race. ‘I’ll race you, hare,’ he said; ‘and I bet I’ll win the race.’ The hare agreed to this challenge,
and a fox was found who set the course of the race and to judge who had won at the end. When the race started, the hare bounded off in front,
making good progress. He was so far ahead of the tortoise that he decided he could afford to stop and have a rest.
The tortoise was so far behind that a little rest wouldn’t hurt!
However, the hare fell fast asleep, and as he lay sleeping, the tortoise continued to plod along at his slow pace. In time,
he reached the finish-line and won the race. When the hare woke up, he was annoyed at himself for falling asleep.
So he ran off towards the finish-line as fast as his legs would carry him, but it was too late, as the tortoise had already won.

TOKENS1
The Hare and the Tortoise
A hare was making fun of a tortoise for moving so slowly The tortoise tiring of the hare s gibes about how slow he was on his feet
eventually challenged the hare to a race I ll race you hare he said and I bet I ll win the race The hare agreed to this challenge and
a fox was found who set the course of the race and to judge who had won at the end When the race started the hare bounded off in front
making good progress He was so far ahead of the tortoise that he decided he could afford to stop and have a rest The tortoise was so
far behind that a little rest wouldn t hurt
However the hare fell fast asleep and as he lay sleeping the tortoise continued to plod along at his slow pace In time he reached the
finish line and won the race When the hare woke up he was annoyed at himself for falling asleep So he ran off towards the finish line
as fast as his legs would carry him but it was too late as the tortoise had already won



‘The Fox and the Hedgehog’.
A fox, after crossing a river, got its tail entangled in a bush, and couldn’t move. A number of mosquitoes, upon seeing the fox trapped,
settled upon him and enjoyed a good meal, feasting upon the fox’s blood, the fox unable to swish them away with his trapped tail.
A hedgehog that was strolling by took pity on the fox and went up to him.
‘You are in a bad way, neighbour,’ said the hedgehog; ‘shall I help you out by driving off those mosquitoes who are sucking your blood?’
‘Thank you, Master Hedgehog,’ said the fox, ‘but I would rather you didn’t.’ ‘Why not?’ asked the hedgehog. ‘Well, you see,’ the fox replied,
‘these mosquitoes have had their fill; if you drive these away, others will come with fresh appetite and bleed me to death.’

TOKENS2:
The Fox and the Hedgehog
A fox after crossing a river got it s tail entangled in a bush and couldn t move A number of mosquitoes upon seeing the fox trapped
settled upon him and enjoyed a good meal feasting upon the fox s blood the fox unable to swish them away with his trapped tail
A hedgehog that was strolling by took pity on the fox and went up to him
You are in a bad way neighbour said the hedgehog shall I help you out by driving off those mosquitoes who are sucking your blood
Thank you Master Hedgehog said the fox but I would rather you didn t Why not asked the hedgehog Well you see the fox replied
these mosquitoes have had their fill if you drive these away others will come with fresh appetite and bleed me to death


‘The Frogs Asking for a King’.
Once upon a time, the Frogs were discontented because they had no one to rule over them: so they sent a deputation to Jupiter to ask him to give them a King.
Jupiter, despising the folly of their request, cast a log into the pool where they lived, and said that the log should be their King.
The Frogs were terrified at first by the splash, and scuttled away into the deepest parts of the pool; but gradually, when they saw that the log remained motionless,
one by one they began to venture to the surface again, and before long, growing bolder, they began to feel such contempt for the log
that they even took to sitting on it.
Thinking that a King of that sort was an insult to their dignity, they sent to Jupiter a second time, and begged him to take away the
sluggish King he had given them, and to give them another and a better one. Jupiter, annoyed at being pestered in this way, sent a Stork to rule over them.
No sooner had the Stork arrived among them than he began to catch and eat the Frogs as fast as he could

TOKENS3:
The Frogs Asking for a King
Once upon a time the Frogs were discontented because they had no one to rule over them so they sent a deputation to Jupiter to ask him to give them a King
Jupiter despising the folly of their request cast a log into the pool where they lived and said that the log should be their King
The Frogs were terrified at first by the splash and scuttled away into the deepest parts of the pool but gradually when they saw that the log remained motionless
one by one they began to venture to the surface again and before long growing bolder they began to feel such contempt for the log
that they even took to sitting on it
Thinking that a King of that sort was an insult to their dignity they sent to Jupiter a second time and begged him to take away the
sluggish King he had given them and to give them another and a better one Jupiter annoyed at being pestered in this way sent a Stork to rule over them
No sooner had the Stork arrived among them than he began to catch and eat the Frogs as fast as he could


TRANSFORMING TOKENS INTO LOWERCASE TOKENS:
TOKENS1:
the hare and the tortoise
a hare was making fun of a tortoise for moving so slowly the tortoise tiring of the hare s gibes about how slow he was on his feet
eventually challenged the hare to a race i ll race you hare he said and i bet i ll win the race the hare agreed to this challenge and
a fox was found who set the course of the race and to judge who had won at the end when the race started the hare bounded off in front
making good progress he was so far ahead of the tortoise that he decided he could afford to stop and have a rest the tortoise was so
far behind that a little rest wouldn t hurt
however the hare fell fast asleep and as he lay sleeping the tortoise continued to plod along at his slow pace in time he reached the
finish line and won the race when the hare woke up he was annoyed at himself for falling asleep so he ran off towards the finish line
as fast as his legs would carry him but it was too late as the tortoise had already won

TOKENS2:
the fox and the hedgehog
a fox after crossing a river got it s tail entangled in a bush and couldn t move a number of mosquitoes upon seeing the fox trapped
settled upon him and enjoyed a good meal feasting upon the fox s blood the fox unable to swish them away with his trapped tail
a hedgehog that was strolling by took pity on the fox and went up to him
you are in a bad way neighbour said the hedgehog shall i help you out by driving off those mosquitoes who are sucking your blood
thank you master hedgehog said the fox but i would rather you didn t why not asked the hedgehog well you see the fox replied
these mosquitoes have had their fill if you drive these away others will come with fresh appetite and bleed me to death

TOKENS3:
the frogs asking for a king
once upon a time the frogs were discontented because they had no one to rule over them so they sent a deputation to jupiter to ask him to give them a king
jupiter despising the folly of their request cast a log into the pool where they lived and said that the log should be their king
the frogs were terrified at first by the splash and scuttled away into the deepest parts of the pool but gradually when they saw that the log remained motionless
one by one they began to venture to the surface again and before long growing bolder they began to feel such contempt for the log
that they even took to sitting on it
thinking that a king of that sort was an insult to their dignity they sent to jupiter a second time and begged him to take away the
sluggish king he had given them and to give them another and a better one jupiter annoyed at being pestered in this way sent a stork to rule over them
no sooner had the stork arrived among them than he began to catch and eat the frogs as fast as he could

ANALYZING COMMON TOKENS:
1-2 --> {a,and,but,fox,good,had,have,him,his,i,in,it,of,on,s,said,t,that,the,to,up,was,who,would}
1-3
2-3 --> {a,and,away,but,by,had,him,in,it,of,on,said,that,the,their,them}